docs(TabStrip): add adaptive tabstrip docs (#2723)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/tabstrip/overview.md

The Blazor TabStrip component allows you to control the alignment of the tabs. [Read more about the Tabs Alignment...](slug://tabstrip-tabs-alignment)

> ## Size of the Tabs

Reviewer: Headings normally use shorter structure

```suggestion
## Tab Size
```

> The TabStrip provides predefined options which allow you to set different size of the tabs and scroll buttons. [Read more about the TabStrip Sizing...](slug://tabstrip-tabs-size)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The TabStrip provides predefined size options for the tabs and scroll buttons. [Read more about the TabStrip Sizing...](slug://tabstrip-tabs-size)
```

| `ActiveTabIndex` | `int` | The index of the currently shown tab. Supports two-way binding.
|`PersistTabContent` | `bool` | Whether to remove the content of inactive tabs from the DOM (if `false`), or just hide it with CSS (if `true`). See [Persist Content](slug://tabstrip-persist-content)
| `Scrollable` | `bool` | Whether the tabs will be scrollable. See [Scrollable Tabs](slug://tabstrip-scroll-tabs)

> | `ScrollButtonsPosition` | `TabStripScrollButtonsPosition` enum <br/> (`TabStripScrollButtonsPosition.Split`)| Specifies the position of the buttons when the TabStrip is Scrollable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ScrollButtonsPosition` | `TabStripScrollButtonsPosition` enum <br/> (`TabStripScrollButtonsPosition.Split`)| Specifies the position of the buttons when the TabStrip is scrollable.
```

> | `ScrollButtonsVisibility` | `TabStripScrollButtonsVisibility` enum <br/> (`TabStripScrollButtonsVisibility.Visible`)| Specifies the visibility of the buttons when the TabStrip is Scrollable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ScrollButtonsVisibility` | `TabStripScrollButtonsVisibility` enum <br/> (`TabStripScrollButtonsVisibility.Visible`)| Specifies the visibility of the buttons when the TabStrip is scrollable.
```
